Joe was the best. The fastest, strongest, and smartest in the ring. When Joe stepped between the ropes and into the center of the ring, Joe owned it. It was his domain, his territory, and Joe defended it with his life. When the bell rang, he had one mission. He was like a robot set on destroy all. Each action was calculated seconds before it happened. Joe could see what his opponent was going to do before he did it. He could see when to adjust, and counter his opponent's move. He moved around the ring with great ease, almost like he was gliding. He could get from one side of the ring to the other in a few quick steps. He was so fast. Then there were his hits, even faster than his feet. He could knock guys down in one swift, well placed punch. They will be on the floor before they could even see it coming.

Joe was the fiercest man to ever step in the ring, until someone came to rival his prowess. Ben Harrison was a shining star in the underground boxing scene. He was known by everyone as the strongest man of Delaware. After constantly being told that he was good enough to become a professional, he soon set his eyes on rising to the top in the professional boxing scene, in hopes of being able to fight Joe, the best boxer in the world.

Ben didnt get his match with Joe at the start. After winning 10 consecutive matches, Joe finally noticed Ben and accepted his challenge. Joe with a winning streak of 20-0 was ready to fight with Ben. It was considered to greatest match of the decade. The tickets were sold out in first 10 minutes after they went on sale. Ben was excited and thrilled to finally fight JOe who he admidred. At the same time, Joe was pretty confident that he would be able to defeat Ben. However, Joe did have some anxiety that there maybe a chance he could be defeated. Finally , the game day arrived. The stadium was packed. The game started. To everyone's surprise, Joe was getting beaten up. He wasnt able to compete properly with Ben. Joe's worst fear became a reality. none thought that Joe would get beaten up. Joe did his best, but was soon defeated by Ben. Ben was crowned as the new champion. But just at that point, theres a video starts playing on the big screen. Video shows Ben and Joe speaking and at that moment, Joe wakes up and shouts ,"NOW, SEE THE TRUTH."

Joe then proceeded to turn Super Saiyan, and was then able to very easily dispose of poor Ben, who never stood a chance against the powered-up Joe. Joe reclaimed his rightful crown as the king of boxing. However, to everybody's surprise, Joe never boxed again, as he quickly disappeared without a trace after winning the match of his lifetime. Nobody had any idea what happened to Joe, until hundreds of years later, archaeologists uncovered a note left by Joe shortly before his abrupt departure. The note simply raid "I'm sorry, I have to go now - my home planet needs me."

In Joe's home plant, M78, Void March, which is consisting of space pirates and void intruders, have occupied most of their land. Residents of M78 have to defend their last continent within a fortress built with the most valuable source in the M78, TUCAO. And Joe is the chosen one since he was born because the most pure TUCAO energy gave birth to him thousand yeas ago and placed him in earth to protect him from being detected by the Void March. After the joint of Joe, a imperial war that lasts thousands years had begun.